[IMP] core: Environment._ for translations (#10421)
odoo/documentation: content/contributing/development/coding_guidelines.rst

Use translation method correctly
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Odoo uses a GetText-like method named "underscore" ``_()`` to indicate that
a static string used in the code needs to be translated at runtime.

> That method is available at ``self.env._`` using the language of the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
That method is also available as ``self.env._``, in which case it uses the language of the
```
